so what's really cool about the
materials look at this when the light
comes through see how it's translucent
it's actually now been over for those
who are American we can only sell at
night ahead
meaning the toilet it's now behind here
did you know look at this for privacy I
was a English is a privacy if there's an
Albina using their head during a
previous it like browse for important
British flag even more important very
much so
god save Queen and as always as always
known as the Taylor system on the
backyard that's base and if you send you
an email ticket congratulations
congratulations is if you were to be a
sea creature what would I be would you
be oh I would have to be a dolphin
having swimming them in the open sea
it's pretty pretty extraordinary to see
them and you'll see that when you're out
at sea they'll come and they'll swim
underneath you and they'll go on their
backs and look up a like a and then
they're just checking your out like yo
what's up we got a girl a girl captain
cool when you swim of them in the open
water they literally will bring their
young to look at you but and if the kids
get too close as I came over here and
then their only way they discipline it
was by holding them under the water for
a minute like so don't don't make my
mother do this there was a young dolphin
that was getting too close and the
mother came I don't like with the humans
you idiot this plastic here
is in the process of total degradation
so what it means is the UV light
basically starts to make it really
brittle so you see how brittle that is
well it breaks it's almost it just falls
apart you can break it over and over and
over again and these basically what
happens is as it goes down it ends up
doing this and it gets into these
molecular size pieces really really
really tiny so most of the plastic in
our ocean is no bigger than that and it
just breaks down that's plastic so it's
not disappearing it's just getting
smaller and that's being absorbed in the
food chain all you see how small down
and that just ends up there I mean this
washed up today I think about keep going
with this premise and then about a
thousand years from now welcome to the
great plastic seat yeah our people out
there who say you know this doesn't
exist we're not ruining our planet you
know look at Mars it was a failed system
they said it had water and it still has
polar ice caps but you realize for
whatever reason it didn't take if there
was water there wasn't evidence of
rivers flowing and annoying and then for
whatever reason they lost it if the
gravitational field shifted maybe a
massive comet something happened and pop
I came over thank you you won't be
sustaining life we're going to go to the
third planet really good luck Thanks and
you look all around you and realize this
is a miracle this is this extraordinary
it is and you will see it of course and
personal and the idea of messing with it
in any way when you realize if you can
take care of it if you if you take care
of it it heals pretty quickly I just
think that the idea of some sort of
evolutionary thing of you know going and
realizing being curious curious and
curious and pursuing your curiosity not
just
oh maybe physically know what what makes
that work and how can I fix it to do it
without awesome huge fear the Queen just
a big shout-out to my peeps on the
plastique it awesome your crew and out
beaner he's inside yeah that's a
navigator I can't go out in the Sun sir
but it looks good
I'll only navigate by night you remember
odd I'll be no Navigator Terrence he's
all night was always